Update changeLog for V3.0.1 (#367)
admin-shell-io/aas-specs: documentation/IDTA-01001/modules/ROOT/pages/IDTA-01001_ChangeLog.adoc

* New value "Role" to enumeration AssetKind (https://github.com/admin-shell-io/aas-specs/issues/294[#294])

> * Change PathType: support complete URI scheme for files RFC2396/RFC2732 conformant to anyURI of XML Schema 1.0  (https://github.com/admin-shell-io/aas-specs/issues/299[#299])

Author: ```suggestion
* Change PathType: support complete URI scheme for files RFC2396 conformant to anyURI of XML Schema 1.0 , Part 2 (https://github.com/admin-shell-io/aas-specs/issues/299[#299])
```
